# Rally to Trump®
App to enable large gatherings of Trump supporters in close-proximity environments for extended periods of time.

This app will direct and enable Presently Alive Trump Supporters (PATS) to exercise their Constitutional rights to gather in large numbers, in close proximity, for extended periods of times, without being muzzled by masks or other onerous government restrictions by directing them in real time to such patriotic rallies in their areas, giving them free reign to excercise the right to express and aerolize their opinions amongst each other as enshrined by the 1st Amendment. Coding will be in Python 3.7 and APK generator using https://github.com/beeware. Please consider cloning. Timeline is no less than 21-days before first mail-in ballots are accepted by states at end of October. Deployment priority will be states known in the media as 'Red States', where PATS are most concentrated and therefore need being greatest to have such real time information delivered to them. Phase 1 of deployment will concentrate on counties in such high electoral 'Red States' such as Texas (38), Florida (29), Georgia (16) and North Carolina (15). Phase 2 rollout to counties in Pennsylvania (20), Ohio (18), Michigan (16), Wisconsin (10). Initial analysis of PATS to non-PATS margin by counties will help quantify potential of relative PATS reduction gains county by county in real time by cross referencing to JHU database daily feeds.

Project communications and coding assignments will take place via modifying the DIRECTION_and_DISCUSSION.txt file at the root level of this repository.
